Improve readbility at IDM notes (#324)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/idm.adoc

{description} The IDM Service is based on https://github.com/libregraph/idm[LibreGraph Identity Management].

[NOTE]
====
* IDM is mainly targeted at *small Infinite Scale installations* or *testing*.
* For larger setups or production environments, it is highly recommended to use a “real” LDAP server or to switch to an external Identity Management Solution instead.
====

[NOTE]
====
The IDM service is limited in its functionality:

* IDM only supports a subset of the LDAP operations +
namely `BIND`, `SEARCH`, `ADD`, `MODIFY` and `DELETE`.
* IDM currently does not do any LDAP schema verification like +
`structural vs. auxiliary object classes`, `require and option attributes`, `syntax checks`, …

> * Therefore the IDM service is not meant to be or replacing a general purpose LDAP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Therefore the IDM service is not meant to replace a general purpose LDAP server.
```
